Dans le dossier `Dialgo_Sum` Il y a:
* `dialogsum.dev.jsonl`:
{"fname": "dev_0", "dialogue": "#Person1#: Hello, how are you doing today?\n#Person2#: I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately.\n#Person1#: Have you had any type of cold lately?\n#Person2#: No, I haven ' t had a cold. I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe.\n#Person1#: Do you have any allergies that you know of?\n#Person2#: No, I don ' t have any allergies that I know of.\n#Person1#: Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active?\n#Person2#: It happens a lot when I work out.\n#Person1#: I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma.\n#Person2#: Thank you for your help, doctor.", "summary": "#Person2# has trouble breathing. The doctor asks #Person2# about it and will send #Person2# to a pulmonary specialist.", "topic": "see a doctor"}
{"fname": "dev_1", "dialogue": "#Person1#: Hey Jimmy. Let's go workout later today.\n#Person2#: Sure. What time do you want to go?\n#Person1#: How about at 3:30?\n#Person2#: That sounds good. Today we work on Legs and forearm.\n#Person1#: Hey. I just played basketball earlier, so my legs are a little sore. Let's work out on arms and stomach today.\n#Person2#: I'm on a weekly schedule. You're messing everything up.\n#Person1#: C'mon. We're only switching two days. You can do legs on Friday.\n#Person2#: Aright. I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then.", "summary": "#Person1# invites Jimmy to go workout and persuades him into working out on arms and stomach.", "topic": "do exercise"}

* `dialogsum.hiddentest.dialogue.jsonl`:
{"fname": "hiddentest_0", "dialogue": "#Person1#: I have an issue.\n#Person2#: What is your problem?\n#Person1#: There were charges on my debit card that I never made.\n#Person2#: Do you have a statement for your debit card?\n#Person1#: I do.\n#Person2#: Which charges are you talking about?\n#Person1#: It's the last four charges.\n#Person2#: We're going to have to do an investigation.\n#Person1#: Is that going to take long?\n#Person2#: I'm not sure, but in the meantime we will freeze these charges.\n#Person1#: That's wonderful. Thank you."}
{"fname": "hiddentest_1", "dialogue": "#Person1#: I was meaning to talk to you about something.\n#Person2#: What's going on?\n#Person1#: Were you having a party in your apartment last Friday?\n#Person2#: Yes, I had a little party.\n#Person1#: It was very loud.\n#Person2#: I didn't intend on being too loud.\n#Person1#: It's fine if you want to have people over, but I couldn't sleep with the noise.\n#Person2#: I really do apologize for all the noise.\n#Person1#: Next time, do you think that you could keep it down?\n#Person2#: Will do.\n#Person1#: Thank you very much.\n#Person2#: Okay, and once again I'm sorry for keeping you up."}

* `dialogsum.hiddentest.topic.jsonl`:
{"fname": "hiddentest_0", "topic": "financial service"}
{"fname": "hiddentest_1", "topic": "complaint"}

* `dialogsum.test.jsonl`:
{"fname": "test_0", "dialogue": "#Person1#: Ms. Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.\n#Person2#: Yes, sir...\n#Person1#: This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon. Are you ready?\n#Person2#: Yes, sir. Go ahead.\n#Person1#: Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos. The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.\n#Person2#: Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?\n#Person1#: It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.\n#Person2#: But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.\n#Person1#: They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office. It wastes too much time! Now, please continue with the memo. Where were we?\n#Person2#: This applies to internal and external communications.\n#Person1#: Yes. Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation. At second offense, the employee will face termination. Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads.\n#Person2#: Is that all?\n#Person1#: Yes. Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.", "summary1": "Ms. Dawson helps #Person1# to write a memo to inform every employee that they have to change the communication method and should not use Instant Messaging anymore.", "topic1": "communication method", "summary2": "In order to prevent employees from wasting time on Instant Message programs, #Person1# decides to terminate the use of those programs and asks Ms. Dawson to send out a memo to all employees by the afternoon.", "topic2": "company policy", "summary3": "Ms. Dawson takes a dictation for #Person1# about prohibiting the use of Instant Message programs in the office. They argue about its reasonability but #Person1# still insists.", "topic3": "dictation"}
{"fname": "test_1", "dialogue": "#Person1#: You're finally here! What took so long?\n#Person2#: I got stuck in traffic again. There was a terrible traffic jam near the Carrefour intersection.\n#Person1#: It's always rather congested down there during rush hour. Maybe you should try to find a different route to get home.\n#Person2#: I don't think it can be avoided, to be honest.\n#Person1#: perhaps it would be better if you started taking public transport system to work.\n#Person2#: I think it's something that I'll have to consider. The public transport system is pretty good.\n#Person1#: It would be better for the environment, too.\n#Person2#: I know. I feel bad about how much my car is adding to the pollution problem in this city.\n#Person1#: Taking the subway would be a lot less stressful than driving as well.\n#Person2#: The only problem is that I'm going to really miss having the freedom that you have with a car.\n#Person1#: Well, when it's nicer outside, you can start biking to work. That will give you just as much freedom as your car usually provides.\n#Person2#: That's true. I could certainly use the exercise!\n#Person1#: So, are you going to quit driving to work then?\n#Person2#: Yes, it's not good for me or for the environment.", "summary1": "#Person2# arrives late because of traffic jam. #Person1# persuades #Person2# to use public transportations to keep healthy and to protect the environment.", "topic1": "public transportation", "summary2": "#Person2# decides to follow #Person1#'s suggestions on quitting driving to work and will try to use public transportations.", "topic2": "transportation", "summary3": "#Person2# complains to #Person1# about the traffic jam, #Person1# suggests quitting driving and taking public transportation instead.", "topic3": "discuss transportation"}

* `dialogsum.train.jsonl`:
{"fname": "train_0", "dialogue": "#Person1#: Hi, Mr. Smith. I'm Doctor Hawkins. Why are you here today?\n#Person2#: I found it would be a good idea to get a check-up.\n#Person1#: Yes, well, you haven't had one for 5 years. You should have one every year.\n#Person2#: I know. I figure as long as there is nothing wrong, why go see the doctor?\n#Person1#: Well, the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early. So try to come at least once a year for your own good.\n#Person2#: Ok.\n#Person1#: Let me see here. Your eyes and ears look fine. Take a deep breath, please. Do you smoke, Mr. Smith?\n#Person2#: Yes.\n#Person1#: Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease, you know. You really should quit.\n#Person2#: I've tried hundreds of times, but I just can't seem to kick the habit.\n#Person1#: Well, we have classes and some medications that might help. I'll give you more information before you leave.\n#Person2#: Ok, thanks doctor.", "summary": "Mr. Smith's getting a check-up, and Doctor Hawkins advises him to have one every year. Hawkins'll give some information about their classes and medications to help Mr. Smith quit smoking.", "topic": "get a check-up"}
{"fname": "train_1", "dialogue": "#Person1#: Hello Mrs. Parker, how have you been?\n#Person2#: Hello Dr. Peters. Just fine thank you. Ricky and I are here for his vaccines.\n#Person1#: Very well. Let's see, according to his vaccination record, Ricky has received his Polio, Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots. He is 14 months old, so he is due for Hepatitis A, Chickenpox and Measles shots.\n#Person2#: What about Rubella and Mumps?\n#Person1#: Well, I can only give him these for now, and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest.\n#Person2#: OK, great. Doctor, I think I also may need a Tetanus booster. Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago!\n#Person1#: We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well. Now, please hold Ricky's arm tight, this may sting a little.", "summary": "Mrs Parker takes Ricky for his vaccines. Dr. Peters checks the record and then gives Ricky a vaccine.", "topic": "vaccines"}

